Turn # 1 by player white
f2 f4
Turn # 2 by player black
c7 c5
Turn # 3 by player white
f3 f5
Turn # 4 by player black
c6 e6
Turn # 5 by player white
f4 f6
Turn # 6 by player black
e6 g6
Turn # 7 by player white
f5 f7
Turn # 8 by player black
d7 d5
d5 b5
Turn # 9 by player white
f6 f8
Turn # 10 by player black
b5 d5
Turn # 11 by player white
e2 e4
Turn # 12 by player black
c5 e5
Turn # 13 by player white
e4 e6
e6 c6
Turn # 14 by player black
d5 d7
Turn # 15 by player white
g2 g4
Turn # 16 by player black
d7 d5
d5 f5
Turn # 17 by player white
g3 g5
g5 g7
g7 e7
Turn # 18 by player black
e5 g5
g5 g3
Turn # 19 by player white
h3 f3
f3 d3
Turn # 20 by player black
b7 b5
Turn # 21 by player white
f7 d7
d7 d5
Turn # 22 by player black
d6 d4
d4 d2
Turn # 23 by player white
h1 h3
h3 f3
Turn # 24 by player black
b6 d6
d6 d4
Turn # 25 by player white
d5 d6
Turn # 26 by player black
c8 c7
Turn # 27 by player white
g4 g5
Turn # 28 by player black
c7 c5
Turn # 29 by player white
c6 c4
c4 e4
Turn # 30 by player black
d4 f4
f4 f2
Turn # 31 by player white
e3 e5
Turn # 32 by player black
g6 g4
g4 g2
Turn # 33 by player white
e4 e6
e6 c6
Turn # 34 by player black
b5 d5
Turn # 35 by player white
d6 b6
Turn # 36 by player black
a7 a5
Turn # 37 by player white
f8 e8
Turn # 38 by player black
a6 a4
Turn # 39 by player white
e8 c8
Turn # 40 by player black
f5 f4
Turn # 41 by player white
f3 f5
Turn # 42 by player black
d8 d7
Turn # 43 by player white
e7 c7
Turn # 44 by player black
d7 d6
Turn # 45 by player white
c6 a6
Turn # 46 by player black
d6 d4
Turn # 47 by player white
f1 f3
Turn # 48 by player black
f2 f1
Turn # 49 by player white
h2 f2
Turn # 50 by player black
b8 b7
Turn # 51 by player white
b6 b8
Turn # 52 by player black
b7 b6
Turn # 53 by player white
d3 c3
Turn # 54 by player black
g3 e3
Turn # 55 by player white
c3 d3
Turn # 56 by player black
e3 c3
Turn # 57 by player white
d3 b3
Turn # 58 by player black
d5 d3
d3 d1
Turn # 59 by player white
e1 c1
Turn # 60 by player black
f1 h1
Turn # 61 by player white
f5 d5
d5 b5
b5 b7
b7 d7
Turn # 62 by player black
g2 e2
Turn # 63 by player white
g1 f1
Turn # 64 by player black
a8 a7
Turn # 65 by player white
a6 a8
Turn # 66 by player black
a7 a6
Turn # 67 by player white
d7 b7
Turn # 68 by player black
a6 c6
c6 c4
c4 e4
e4 g4
Turn # 69 by player white
f3 f5
f5 d5
d5 b5
Turn # 70 by player black
b6 b4
b4 b2
Turn # 71 by player white
f1 f3
f3 f5
f5 d5
Turn # 72 by player black
e2 g2
Turn # 73 by player white
d5 d6
Turn # 74 by player black
a5 a3
Turn # 75 by player white
f2 e2
Turn # 76 by player black
d2 f2
Turn # 77 by player white
e2 d2
Turn # 78 by player black
f2 h2
Turn # 79 by player white
b5 b6
Turn # 80 by player black
c3 d3
Turn # 81 by player white
d6 c6
Turn # 82 by player black
f4 h4
Turn # 83 by player white
b3 b4
Turn # 84 by player black
a4 c4
c4 e4
Turn # 85 by player white
e5 d5
Turn # 86 by player black
c5 e5
e5 e3
Turn # 87 by player white
d5 d6
Turn # 88 by player black
e4 e2
Turn # 89 by player white
d2 c2
Turn # 90 by player black
d3 f3
Turn # 91 by player white
c1 c3
Turn # 92 by player black
e3 g3
Turn # 93 by player white
c2 c4
Turn # 94 by player black
g3 g1
Turn # 95 by player white
c3 c5
Turn # 96 by player black
h4 f4
f4 f2
Turn # 97 by player white
c4 a4
Turn # 98 by player black
f3 f1
Turn # 99 by player white
a4 a5
Turn # 100 by player black
b2 c2
Turn # 101 by player white
a5 a6
Turn # 102 by player black
d1 e1
Turn # 103 by player white
b4 b5
Turn # 104 by player black
c2 d2
Turn # 105 by player white
b5 a5
Turn # 106 by player black
e2 e3
Turn # 107 by player white
a5 a7
Turn # 108 by player black
d2 e2
Turn # 109 by player white
g5 f5
Turn # 110 by player black
a3 b3
Turn # 111 by player white
f5 e5
Turn # 112 by player black
b3 c3
Turn # 113 by player white
e5 d5
Turn # 114 by player black
c3 d3
Turn # 115 by player white
d5 d7
Turn # 116 by player black
d3 f3
Turn # 117 by player white
d6 d8
Turn # 118 by player black
e3 g3
Turn # 119 by player white
c5 d5
Turn # 120 by player black
d4 d3
Turn # 121 by player white
d5 d6